Tingting
Tingting, slow down
Wait for me.
Tingting
Tingting Tingting stop
Why wouldn't you let me go to college?
Dead girl movie
What about the baby in my belly when you go to college?
Ah!
Hahahaha
Ting
Tingting Ting
Perseverance
How can you take care of children?
Hahaha daughter
Don't make your mom angry.
This money dad finds a way
Don't worry.
Dad will definitely send you to college
You incompetent wimp
Make less money
I still want this bastard to go to college
Don't even think about it.
If you send him to college, I'll have an abortion
Don't take your son
Bingbing
He begged you
Even if you feed your grandma
Go home, Tingting
grandma
Grandma again
I'm not going back.
Are you going to have a good time on your own?
Tingting, I beg you.
Don't be embarrassed
I'm so hard
Tingting Tingting
Ah small
heart